== The Navigame ==

=== Overview ===

The goal of the game is to develop the navigation system and compile digital maps - as much as possible.
For this you have a pool of skilled developers and map production engineers which can be assigned different tasks.

There are developers who create the navigation software and production engineers who build the maps using the
map compiler which is a part of navigation. The more the navigation system is feature-complete
("Navi-Progress" in the right panel), the bigger maps can be handled with it.

The goal of the game is to (a) finish the navigation development, (b) fulfil the map production plan by building:
- 10 Harsum maps
- 5 Munich maps
- 4 Hamburg maps
- 3 Switzerland maps
- 2 DACHI maps (Germany + Italy, San Marino, Vatican City, Austria, Switzerland, Liechtenstein)
- 1 ECE map (full Europe)

and (c) earning as much money as possible.

This version is still under development and thus some features of the game can work incorrectly or do not work
at all. Also the game balance is probably not refined :)

Technologies/frameworks used: Java6, Slick, LWGL. You need to install JRE in order to run the game.

=== How to Play ===

You see the office room upon the game start. Left-click on empty space to add more developers, right-click to
add more production engineers.

Left-click a free developer so that he starts working on a feature-development (a corresponding label will appear).
Left-click again to make him free. The more developers work on a system, the faster it grows (don't think it
scales to infinity, though).

Features of the developers:
* Compiler developers - implement features for map compiler
* NDSLib developers - implement the data access library. The more developers of such kind you have, the faster
the development is.
* DBTests developers - implement database tests. It is less probable to have production bugs if you have such
people (working) in the team.

Remember: having a developer being rest does not benefit you, though increases costs.

Click any map in the bottom of screen to start its build by a free production engineer (you need to have some).

During the map build, bugs in compiler can block the corresponding production (a red bug will be displayed over
the map and the production will be blocked). To fix a bug, you must have some free developers - click the blocked map
to assign a bugfix to any of them. As soon as bug is fixed, the production of the map is continued automatically.
Please note that the developer who fixed the bug will remain free (get salary for doing nothing), so take care to assign
some tasks to him.

During the game, the people mood decreases while salary ambitions increase, which leads to loss of performance.
To motivate a person, click the "lamp" button next to it. To increase his salary, click the "$" button. The current
overall performance of developers and production guys is displayed in the right panel.

Sometimes it is easier to fire a person and to hire a new one instead - right-click a perfon to fire him.

If you have enough money, you can ask all the people to work overtimes by pressing the button "Overtimes" to the right.
People will perform faster, but their salary for the current month will be doubled. The overtime request
cannot be cancelled and will be stopped as soon as the salary is paid and the new month is started.

It is also possible to updgrade the HW 2 times during the game. Don't neglect this possibility - otherwise building
big maps can become a pain.

Remember: you loose money for salaries, you gain money for maps. Good luck!

